According to my interpretation, "Surveillance Capitalism" describes an upcoming tendency that the behaviors of the users of the Internet services are collected as behavioral data; these data are then utilized to feed artificial intelligence and analyzed by machine learning algorithms; the analytical results are utilized by the commercial corporates to improve their products and engage more users for longer times. In this process of commodification, all the actions of the users, including clicking and dragging, turn into valuable commodities. whereas the corporates make use of these data to generate revenues for their own. A rather different interpretation focuses on the reinforcement cycle between the users and the surveillance in the overall process, which closely resembles the reinforcement cycle of wealth accumulation existed in the capitalism. The users generates the behavioral data which are collected by the commercial corporates. The commercial corporates feed their analytical AI algorithms with these data, and then use the result to improve their product, thus attracting the users to use their service more and longer. Consequently, more behavioral data will be generated and be collected. A reinforcing loop is formed.

What came to me is that it is important to establish a regulation to limit the types and amount of user behavioral data the Internet service can collect. Admittedly, given that more behavioral data provides more accurate user images and ensures more revenues, all commercial corporates intend to collect as much data from the users as possible. As is mentioned by Zuboff, there is "surplus" within nowadays' data collection. Unrestricted monitoring of users' behavior is an invasion of their privacy. There should be regulatory constraints to prohibit the collection of some data that do not necessarily help improve product's experience or are users' privacy. However, it can be considerably difficult.

Moreover, Zuboff's arguments inspires me, that the users should have the power of choosing. They should be able to choose which data to be collected and which does not. Rather than choosing between accepting the whole end-user license agreements or exiting the software, the users should have more options.

