The podcast "Right to be Forgotten" triggers me to think about the memory of the Internet. Though people are usually forgetful--just like the Xinjiang cotton incident that was all over the social media a few days ago, people's emotions will eventually fade away and they will start to accept these brands again--the Internet itself does have an almost eternal memory. Online contents will stay online for ever, and can be found by people years after years. So, it has always been interesting questions whether we own the right to be forgotten, as well as what and when to be forgotten.

I think one baseline of the rules about forgetting is the laws, that the rules about forgetting should always be consistent with the laws. Any news or documents about crimes should not be deleted, or deleted easily. While it seems to deprive the criminal of the opportunity to mend their ways and rehabilitate themselves, it warns the other people the potential danger and the cost of committing a crime.

Viewing from this perspective, the Internet plays an identical role as the *dang'an* system and some credit systems. In China, the *dang'an* system usually keeps a record of all trivial matters about a person starting from his/her youth. It is particularly important if one wishes to work in government and national institutions (such jobs are called *gong wu yuan*). The existence of the *dang'an* system notifies people that everything they do will be remembered and they have to be responsible for them. Therefore, people will regulate their own behavior and manage to maintain a perfect and clean record. The Internet is quite like an implicit giant *dang'an* system.

Nonetheless, I think the social credit systems are also complements to the laws. While the laws only consider some critical issues and are binary rules that only tell good or bad, the credits systems are able to take lots of trivial things into consideration. For example, if one borrowed a shared mobile phone charger and failed to return it, the laws will never punish him/her because his/her behavior is not a violation to any laws. However, this is a breach of trust. Such behavior will be represented by *zhi ma xin yong*, a credit system in *Alipay*, as a decreased credit score. Hence, I think the memory of the Internet should play a role of pushing people to regulate their behavior.

While the Internet memorizes things as a *dang'an* system and a credit system, it should forget other things that are less important or too long ago, to give people a chance to restart. Apart from having the journalists to delete their articles, I think search engines like Google and Bing should also contribute to the process of forgetting. They can lower down the priority of theses entries in their search results. This approach is effective and relatively low in cost.

